however sense that it remains
criticize the health situation there
concentrates on more than 3,000
protesters from the northeast of the low
cauca we just entered with
who appears to know what is
happening and what is the situation in this
moment they hate good morning
good morning one looks complicated to
us from 4 in the morning the
snail news team attempts to
calculate double causeway if the municipality
of barbosa because we found that there was a
truck with the tires scrapped only
there were about four cars because
the tolls are stopping the cars because
there is no peace me towards asia to puerto berrío
that's why we take another way that is
the avenue of distance that is the
old way to get to
barbosa and this was what we found
completely blocked but to know
what happened during the night
that there were several disturbances
Don Carlos Morales is with us
leader of the peasants who was what
happened because you as we saw all
the week they were inside a
camp they were calm but
because today they are blocking the road
Peasant communities
We have always manifested a proposal
peaceful and without aggression to anyone in
morning hours in the communities of
that we are in the camp
unitary reform we take a
pronouncement for the community of
barbosa and we wanted to socialize it to
eight thirty with the communities that
they were on the road automatically
we went out to make that proposal to
socialize to non-aggression proposal of
our proposal because we are in the
nk panther I was humanitarian
Automatically the police arrived
lash out against our
communities, it should be noted that
they attacked with our communities in
the streets but they also attacked with gas
tear gas to the shelter camp
humanitarian where there were many
many elderly and young children
thank you, Carlos, here he commented
that there is curfew the mayor what
decreed in the early hours of the morning is for
that this route will continue closed
they say that until there is
dialogue with the national government not the
habana reopen like this continues
also the way they do towards the union and
the Antioqueno East completely
closed and there about 20
schools have stopped working
children can not go to study
information that we have then from
barbosa antioquia diana pérez news
snail diana thank you and in cali in the
Valle del Cauca police are
finalizing the details to provide
safety in the marches that also
convened there by the
central workers and that are going to
perform in the next few hours carlos
gutiérrez is in cali with the panorama
for today in the Valle del Cauca capital
carlos good morning
vanessa good morning indeed are
four gears that are programmed
for today and that's why the authorities
vallecaucanas have extreme measures
of security here in the capital of
department are mobilizations that
will come from different points of the
city and have a meeting point
the square of san francisco is expected
that around noon make a
gigantic mobilization and a series of
activities meanwhile the group of
farmers a little more than 400 that
they came from different corners of
municipalities settled in the center and in
the north of the valley remain
concentrated in a coliseum located in the
north of the capital vallecaucana 2 jose
gomes
are you going to participate today of these
marches of these mobilizations here in
I qualified with the good morning at the
journalist as well as we are not going to do
part of those marches
are going to be done today they are scheduled
from several as I said and then as
we have been supporting unemployment
we have not linked to unemployment since 19
August the national agrarian strike
then we are going to continue in
stop and in all marches those of the
different activities that are carried out
we are going to be in them it is expected that
about 600 policemen who guard in
all these mobilizations that are
planned for today there is a situation
complicated in the center supplies
only a thousand times have arrived
tons of food the usual thing is that
be 2700 information panorama to this
hour in the morning from cali carlos
gutierrez news snail thanks to
Carlos Gutierrez and bass strong
police surveillance dawned today the
main factories of the sector
Industrial Mamonal in Cartagena
operations are carried out on the occasion of the
mobilizations called by the
central workers we go live with
Carlos Cataño to know what others
carlos points of this city are
occupied by the public forces good
days
good morning we actually arrived there
five points established as
concentration for these plants
workers and one of course is here in the
industrial sector of mamonal where in
this moment are concentrated the
police units in prevention of
blockages or other type of alteration of the
public order but there are also other
four remaining points in the city
where there will be convergence of
students of educators equally of
workers in the health sector and
of trade unionists of the abuse of
the main labor centrals these
points are the amparo bomb
four winds the castle of san felipe
and the roundabout of the india catalina is
in the walled center let's say here
in the city there are no alterations of
public order because all this kind of
Calls if scheduled to start
at 3 o'clock in the afternoon however
morning hours
not only the police also the infantry
of marine- was occupying these
main sites as I was telling you in
prevention of any alteration of the
public order at the moment is all the
information in cartagena carlos cataño
they will equal
As Carlos thank you we are going south now
of the country there are furs there is still
very tense the situation again it
presented disorders in the last
hours not only initial but also in
other locations from nariño natalia
Cabrera tells us what happens in the
border with the native equator already good
days
hello how about very good morning what
started being a peaceful cacerolazo
ended in riots I find myself in
the seat of the municipal government you
can see dawned guarded by the
police because they destroyed one of
the main doors as well
damaged some windows with the
stones and therefore until this time
there are still no officials in the
City Hall in Túnquerres the population
the protesters took the center of
this population as protest in this
eleventh day of stop in step about 130
people were forcibly evacuated
Colombian air force and the national army
they were going to tumaco
because everything during these 11 days
because there was no travel by land and
they were evacuated like this for a help
humanitarian aid agencies
about 20 routes of the department of nariño
they remain blocked due to
demonstrations and in the last hours
the indigenous governors
of the village of the pastures and the keel
without gas they assured that they will not give the order
to unblock the tracks meanwhile the
president juan manuel saints come to
ideals this unknown that in tunja
whether or not there is an agreement with the peasants
the health and humanitarian emergency
has decreed in roughly 13
municipalities of the department of nariño in
the situation from the border with
ecuador natalia cabrera news snail